Within Ghana, there is currently a plastic-problem. The sea and land are full of it. The plastic waste has its effects on land, oceans, animals, and humans. In 2017, 83% of all the tap water in the world contained plastic pollutants. This was also the first study that showed this. The most polluted water, containing 94% of plastic particles in tap water, was located in the United States. Despite the fact that that percentage is higher: the population is not growing as fast as in Ghana so it is important for Ghana to mitigate this potential health hazard.  Ghana generates 302.192 kilograms of plastic each day. 81% of the kilograms were inadequately managed and only 2% of all plastic is currently being recycled in Ghana. It is, however, possible to recover 86% of plastic waste through sorting the plastic and recycle it so it can be integrated into new products. Our group’s intention is to come up with a solution to reduce plastic waste in Ghana via blockchain technology. We are primarily focusing on the capital city Accra which has a big problem of plastic ending up on the beaches due to sea currents. The core problem in Ghana is that plastic production rises, causing a land full of plastic. Nelson Boating tried already in 2015 to mold and create pavement blocks from plastic and use these tiles for new pavements.  Currently, there are a lot of solutions that are trying to solve this problem but the plastic waste will steadily increase in this growing economy so we want to encourage all age groups to clean up while we are working on our solutions for Accra. 
